Doc: add clarification for cross-region PL (#31018)
MaterializeInc/materialize: doc/user/layouts/shortcodes/network-security/privatelink-kafka.md

    Note the **service name** that is generated for the endpoint service.

1. #### Create an AWS PrivateLink connection

    In Materialize, create an [AWS PrivateLink connection](/sql/create-connection/#aws-privatelink)
    that references the endpoint service that you created in the previous step.

    **Availability zone selection**:

    * For **in-region connections**, the availability zones of the NLB and the
      consumer VPC **must match**.

        ```mzsql
        CREATE CONNECTION privatelink_svc TO AWS PRIVATELINK (
            SERVICE NAME 'com.amazonaws.vpce.<region_id>.vpce-svc-<endpoint_service_id>',
            -- Update the list of the availability zones to match the ones in
            -- your AWS account.
            AVAILABILITY ZONES ('use1-az1', 'use1-az2', 'use1-az4')
        );
        ```

>     * For **cross-region connections**, availability zone alignment is not
>       required. You can choose any availability zones in your consumer VPC. Due

Author: ```suggestion
    * For **cross-region connections**, you can select any availability zones in your current
      Materialize region. For more details, refer to the [AWS blog on cross-region PrivateLink](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/introducing-cross-region-connectivity-for-aws-privatelink). Due
 ```

Reviewer: looks good

1. #### Create an AWS PrivateLink connection
     In Materialize, create an [AWS PrivateLink connection](/sql/create-connection/#aws-privatelink) that references the endpoint service that you created in the previous step.

    **Availability Zone Selection**:

    * For in-region connections, the AZs **must match** between the NLB and the consumer VPC.

>     * For cross-region connections, AZ alignment is not required. You can choose any AZs in your consumer VPC.

Reviewer: Is this is because cross zone balancing is a pre-req of cross region connections?

Author: If I read their [docs](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/introducing-cross-region-connectivity-for-aws-privatelink/) correctly, this seems to be the case for providers (in our case customers):

> Providers must use a minimum of two AZs to anchor the [AWS Network Load Balancer](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/network/introduction.html) (NLB) in the service region. Consumers can choose to create the Interface endpoint in as many AZs as required, although two or more AZs are recommended for high availability. This enables PrivateLink to dynamically weigh away traffic to a healthy AZ, transparent to the provider and consumer, in case of AZ impairment events in either region.
